chuckles Expo oh my god Jess he exposed
her purple for the championship hours
later a Bible believer
a stunning upset this third-generation
competitiveness he needed that title and
he can't believe he success is
absolutely wrong the NXT championship
then turnbuckles exposed and he cave the
opening that we're talking about video
answers hit smash stuff expose her maja
good for Bo Dallas who took advantage
that's what we were hoping
which is getting ugly he made it work
can't believe it
tonight Bo Dallas seize the opportunity
the exposed turnbuckle a fortuitous
opportunity and Bo Dallas made the most
of it the turnbuckle got exposed
accidentally bo Dallas just happened to
hold on to it
it was fate I mean this is this is a
wonderful moment for everybody this is a
wonderful moment for everybody here in
NXT as well because they see what Bo
Dallas is going to and he's achieved the
ultimate goal here and it's just
obtainable to them as well but one no
joy bo Dallas has etched his name in the
history books here at NXT
it was Seth Rollins then it was Mickey
likes to down the NXT champion is Bo
Dallas
and historic night at full sail in
Orlando our colleague with a young it's
brand new and it's key champion I can
explain this baby back I can't think of
anything
but happiest guy at the happiest place
on earth is Bo Dallas the brand-new NXT
champion what a night in Orlando